Update docs for CLI installer (#54)
ansible/event-driven-ansible: README.md

Once the Collection is installed, you can run the install_rulebook_cli.yml playbook. The following example would install ansible-rulebook CLI on your local system:

> `ansible-playbook -i localhost, -c local ansible.eda.install_rulebook_cli -K`

Reviewer: `-K` is not required as there are multiple ways to provide the credentials or even it could be not necessary (e.g. a passwordless sudoer)

> **Note:** Some tasks in this role require privilege escalation and therefore you will need to provide the necessary credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** Some tasks in this role require [privilege escalation](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/plugins/become.html) and therefore you may need to provide the necessary credentials.
```
